wip: document request reviewers (#847)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/maintenance/architecture/requests.md

- is created by someone who can cancel it
- is received by someone who can accept or decline it
- may have reviewers assigned to provide feedback and recommendations
- may require clarifications (i.e. a conversation) between the creator of the request and the recipient(s)
- may expire after a certain amount of time

### Reviewers in Requests

> Reviewers are optional participants in the request process who can be assigned to provide expert opinion, feedback, or recommendations. Unlike the receiver who makes the final decision to accept or decline the request, reviewers serve as consultants or advisors.

Reviewer: I would use the terms consultant or advisor:
```suggestion
Reviewers are optional participants in a request process. They provide expert opinions, feedback, or recommendations but cannot make the final decision to accept or decline the request. That responsibility lies solely with the receiver.
```
